I want you to have a degree but not a degree.
A country girl who is capable but not capable
Even if you look better
I can also trust your outspoken words
Look at what you look like
Why should I believe you?
Liu Huixin
If you have any dissatisfaction, you can come to me.
Wenwen is your biological daughter
You trample her and humiliate her like this
Does your heart not hurt?
Don't mess with me here
You say broken sky
It's just that you want to borrow my things and wait a little longer
Do you want to get some benefits?
Okay.
I'll give you 2,000 bucks.
Get out of here
We don't want your money.
Why is there less money?
This poor man
Just greed
Give you 10,000
Enough is enough
It's not enough.
I can give you another 10,000.
Is 30,000 enough for you?
Is it enough to be rich?
Get out of here